---
layout: post
title: "June 2018 meetup"
excerpt: "It's a super special June meetup"
categories: meetups 
date: 2018-06-25
---

Since reasons got in the way of last months meetup, we're having a super special one this month.

Why is it super special? It is super special for three super special awesome reasons.

## 1. It's not on a Wednesday

Mondays are usually awful, so we've decided to make one of them better by making it an EdJug meetup day.

## 2. We've got the Java Community Process Chair visiting

That's right, we've got [Heather VanCura](https://heathervcblog.wordpress.com/) coming to see us. She's going to tell us about the future of Java, and how we can change it. Here's her abstract:

*The Java Community Process (JCP) program celebrates twenty years of Java standards development in 2018. Developers are more involved in the development of Java, and standards development is more open, than ever before.* 

*You can take part in Java technology evolution, and this talk will answer questions about why and how to do it.* 

*I'll also talk about the global Adoption programs and how to participate in them. We will discuss details such as how to run hack days, collaborate with other JUG leads on Adopt-a-JSR activities, and review use cases from other JUGs around the world contributing to Java technology. And we'll look at the plans to bring even greater openness, transparency and participation into the the Java developer community.*

## 3. We're trying out a new ticket site

As if all that wasn't exciting enough, this month you get to click for free tickets on a [completely different website](https://ti.to/edjug/edjug-june-meetup).

The website is the only thing that's changed though. The tickets are still free, and as always the talks start at 7 at the NCR offices at Kittle Yards.

Anyone is welcome to attend - but if you're planning to come please do get that [free ticket](https://ti.to/edjug/edjug-june-meetup) so we can judge numbers for food and drinks.

If you have any special dietary requirements please get in touch and we'll try to accommodate them.


